nsIDOMAbstractView           Mozilla::DOM::AbstractView
nsIDOMDocumentView           Mozilla::DOM::DocumentView
nsIDOMEvent                  Mozilla::DOM::Event
nsIDOMUIEvent                Mozilla::DOM::UIEvent
nsIDOMDocumentEvent          Mozilla::DOM::DocumentEvent
nsIDOMMutationEvent          Mozilla::DOM::MutationEvent
nsIDOMKeyEvent               Mozilla::DOM::KeyEvent
nsIDOMMouseEvent             Mozilla::DOM::MouseEvent
nsIDOMEventTarget            Mozilla::DOM::EventTarget
nsIDOMEventListener          Mozilla::DOM::EventListener
nsIDOMWindow                 Mozilla::DOM::Window
nsIDOMWindowCollection       Mozilla::DOM::WindowCollection
nsIDOMDocument               Mozilla::DOM::Document
nsIDOMDocumentFragment       Mozilla::DOM::DocumentFragment
nsIDOMDocumentType           Mozilla::DOM::DocumentType
nsIDOMNode                   Mozilla::DOM::Node
nsIDOMNodeList               Mozilla::DOM::NodeList
nsIDOMElement                Mozilla::DOM::Element
nsIDOMEntityReference        Mozilla::DOM::EntityReference
nsIDOMAttr                   Mozilla::DOM::Attr
nsIDOMProcessingInstruction  Mozilla::DOM::ProcessingInstruction
nsIDOMCDATASection           Mozilla::DOM::CDATASection
nsIDOMComment                Mozilla::DOM::Comment
nsIDOMCharacterData          Mozilla::DOM::CharacterData
nsIDOMText                   Mozilla::DOM::Text
nsIDOMDOMImplementation      Mozilla::DOM::DOMImplementation

nsIWebBrowser                Mozilla::DOM::WebBrowser
nsEmbedString                nsAString &

PRBool                a boolean
PRUint64              an unsigned 64-bit integer (long long)
PRUint32              an unsigned 32-bit integer (long)
PRUint16              an unsigned 16-big integer (short)
PRInt32               a signed 32-bit integer (long)
I32                   a 32-bit integer (long)
DOMTimeStamp          seconds from Unix epoch (PRUint64)
